Required Practicals VR is a free to play app. Required Practicals VR is provided by Sam Fish (FlyingFishVR) at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of your data if you wish to use Required Practicals VR.

By using Required Practicals VR, you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The data that I collect is used primarily to allow Required Practicals VR to run, but may also be used to improve the game.

I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy. At any point, you may request to delete your data through contacting me (see below), and it will be disposed of as soon as possible.

Information Collection and Use
For Required Practicals VR to work, I require essential data, including your device type and controller tracking information. This data is retained on your device – it is merely used to allow the game to run – and will not be stored for me to use. I also gather data based on how long you use Required Practicals VR, and how often; this is collected and stored by me with Unity Analytics, which identifies you through an IP address – your IP address is not  stored for me to use (Unity’s privacy policy is below).

Questionnaire Data
In this app, questionnaires are asked at the end of every practical to get a numeric indicator of how confident you were with the practical before and after. This data is anonymously STORED by Unity analytics. It is collected through using your IP address, but this shall be discarded upon being stored. I do not know knowinly store any personal data that connects you to these inputs.

The game does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Links to privacy policies of third party service providers used by the game:
Unity - https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy
Meta Quest - https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/

Third Party Sharing
I may employ third-party individuals to assist me in improving Required Practicals VR and consequently may need to share some data, however it will be limited to what is collected by Unity Analytics.

Security
I value your trust in providing me your data, thus I strive to protect it by any means I can. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Other Sites
Required Practicals VR contains references to other sites – these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy
This policy does not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with any personal information, I immediately delete it. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with any personal information, please contact me so that I may delete it.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update this privacy policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions  about my privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact me at bity102007@hotmail.com